Sample demonstrating the new Users bicep type (#212)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-bicep-types: quickstart-templates/security-group-add-user-members/README.md

# Configure a security group's user members, referencing users by UPN

This sample demonstrates use of the read-only [`Microsoft.Graph/Users` bicep type][users-ref] which allows you to
fetch `user` resources by their user principal name (UPN).

This quickstart creates a security group and adds users, referenced via their UPNs, as members.
The list of users to be added as members are in a txt file, with each user's UPN on a separate line.
Replace the UPN values in the example "userlist.txt" file with user UPN values from your tenant, before deployment.

## Details

This template sample:

1. Creates a user UPN list from a txt file.
2. Creates/updates a security group with its members set based on the user UPN list

> **NOTE:** Due to current modelling limitations [no more than 20 members can be added/updated at a time][20-members], and only [update semantics][update-only] are supported for members (and owners).

Reviewer: I don't think it matters much, but this is interesting.  Modelling is the british spelling vs modeling the english spelling.  Is there a doc standard or does it not matter?  The meaning and readability is the same.

Author: I have the British English - code spell-checker and the standard extension in VS Code.  I guess I'm running both US and UK...

### Prerequisites

- A valid **Azure subscription**: If you don't own an Azure subscription, [create a free account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/) before you begin.
- An **Azure resource group** that you own under a valid Azure subscription, or [deploy without an Azure subscription][no-azure-sub].

> - [Bicep tools for authoring and deployment](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/templates/quickstart-install-bicep-tools). The minimum required Bicep version is v0.30.3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Bicep tools for authoring and deployment](https://learn.microsoft.com/graph/templates/quickstart-install-bicep-tools). The minimum required Bicep version is v0.32.4.
```
